I think probably my fears were the ones that a lot of college students
have, which that I wasn't good enough. I wasn't smart enough. I wasn't
disciplined enough. Thio be successful. You know, I didn't know
if I was going to be able Thio do the things that were asked of me,
and it seemed very daunting. Um, but what I learned is that you know,
you you don't start off in a PhD program, you start off in a bachelor's
program and you kind of work your way through it and you work
your way up to and same thing you don't start off with 400 level classes.
You start off with 100 level classes and you work your way through
s Oh, yeah, I think that at every step of the way, those have always
been my primary fears. Is that like I just don't you know, I'm
not smart enough. I don't I don't work hard enough. I don't anything
enough, and I'm just not going to be able to do it. And so far I've
proved myself wrong. Every time